docs(how-to-guides): add example procedure, case of localization (#410)
autowarefoundation/autoware-documentation: docs/how-to-guides/others/an-example-procedure-for-adding-a-new-node.md

> # An example procedure for adding a new node - Case of localization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# An example procedure for adding and evaluating a new node 
```
Since this page contains a lot of generally applicable content and describes how to evaluate nodes, how about changing the title to this?

## Overview

This page provides a guide for evaluating Autoware when a new node is implemented, especially about developing a novel localization node.

> To keep things simple, an example of operation within AWSIM, as opposed to actual hardware, is provided.
> The same procedure could likely apply when operating on real hardware.

Reviewer: I think this page does not strongly assume that users will use AWSIM. How about this suggestion?  
```suggestion
The workflow involves initial testing and rosbag recording using a real vehicle or AWSIM, implementing the new node, subsequent testing using the recorded rosbag, and finally evaluating with a real vehicle or AWSIM.
```

It is advisable to thoroughly read the [Design page](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/design/), contemplate the addition or replacement of nodes in Autoware, and then implement your solution.

For example, a node doing NDT, a LiDAR-based localization method, is [ndt_scan_matcher](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/tree/main/localization/ndt_scan_matcher).
If you want to replace this with a different approach, implement a node which produces the same topics and provides the same services.

`ndt_scan_matcher` is launched as [pose_estimator](https://github.com/autowarefoundation/autoware.universe/blob/main/launch/tier4_localization_launch/launch/pose_estimator/pose_estimator.launch.xml), so it is necessary to replace the launch file as well.

## 4. Evaluating by a rosbag-based simulator

Once the new node is implemented, it is time to evaluate it.
[logging_simulator](https://autowarefoundation.github.io/autoware-documentation/main/tutorials/ad-hoc-simulation/rosbag-replay-simulation/) is a tool of how to evaluate the new node using the rosbag captured in step 2.

> 
> It works by replacing the command to start Autoware with logging_simulator.
> 
> For example, if the AWSIM-compatible execution command is
> 
> ```bash
> ros2 launch autoware_launch e2e_simulator.launch.xml ...
> ```
> 
> then the command to start logging_simulator is
> 
> ```bash
> ros2 launch autoware_launch logging_simulator.launch.xml ...
> ```
> 

Reviewer: I think this explanation is difficult to understand and not important. So you may remove it.
Instead, how about adding the following?

```suggestion
When you run the logging_simulator, you can set planning:=false or control:=false to disable the launch of specific component nodes.
`ros2 launch autoware_launch logging_simulator.launch.xml ... planning:=false control:=false`

```

After launching logging_simulator, the rosbag file obtained in step 2 should be replayed using `ros2 bag play <rosbag_file>`.

> If you remap the topics related to the localization that you want to verify this time, Autoware will use the data it is calculating this time instead of the data it recorded.

Reviewer: How about adding an description of `--topics` option?
```suggestion
If you remap the topics related to the localization that you want to verify this time, Autoware will use the data it is calculating this time instead of the data it recorded.
Also, using the `--topics` option of `ros2 bag play`, you can publish only specific topics in rosbag.
```

There is [ros2bag_extensions](https://github.com/tier4/ros2bag_extensions) available to filter the rosbag file and create a new rosbag file that contains only the topics you need.

## 5. Evaluating in a realtime environment

> Once you have sufficiently verified the behavior in the logging_simulator, let's run it as Autoware with new nodes added in the realtime environment (AWSIM in this case).

Reviewer: I don't think we need to emphasize the use of AWSIM here.
```suggestion
Once you have sufficiently verified the behavior in the logging_simulator, let's run it as Autoware with new nodes added in the realtime environment.
```
